tweak mold indicator wording (#34054)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/mold_indicator.markdown

    title: Configuration file
---

The Mold Indicator sensor {% term integration %} uses data from two temperature sensors and a humidity sensor to predict the humidity near a cold surface. High humidity may lead to mold growth at more than ~70% and causes condensation at 100%.

> The sensor data may be used to e.g. detect bad air quality (high humidity) or automate operation of indoor air humidifiers to keep the indoor humidity at an optimum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor data may be used, for example, to detect bad air quality (high humidity) or automate the operation of indoor air humidifiers to keep the indoor humidity at an optimum.
```

In this case, the weather forecast temperature sensor is used for the outside temperature.

## Background

This sensor first predicts the temperature near the given surface by estimating it from the indoor and outdoor temperature. The predicted temperature starts with the indoor temperature, then either brings it closer to the outdoor temperature (if the calibration factor is positive, indicating the surface is influenced by the outdoors) or away (if the calibration factor is negative, indicating the surface is inversely correlated to the outdoors temperature).

> From there, the sensor calculates the relative humidity near the given surface based off of the dew point.

Author: can you reply to these comments?

## Calibration

> The Mold Indicator sensor integration needs to be calibrated in order to estimate the temperature at the critical point from the outdoor and indoor temperature. First find the coldest surface in the room (critical point), which is typically near the window frames, but depends on the insulation of your home. For calibration you need to measure the temperature at this critical point and simultaneously write down the values for the indoor- and outdoor temperature sensors used for the Mold Indicator. Be sure that there is a significant indoor to outdoor temperature difference to get the best calibration results.

Author: out of scope
